Update argocd doc (#321)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/automation-and-resiliency/argo-cd-usage.md

## Enable Argo CD for your project set

> To set up Argo CD for your project, a self-serve system is available. Follow these instructions to begin. If your project requires a ministry-wide grouping of projects within Argo CD, please contact [the Platform Services team](mailto:PlatformServicesTeam@gov.bc.ca).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Argo CD for your project, a self-serve system is available. Follow these instructions to begin. If your project requires a ministry-wide grouping of projects within Argo CD, please email the Platform Services team at [PlatformServicesTeam@gov.bc.ca](mailto:PlatformServicesTeam@gov.bc.ca).
```

Reviewer: Keeping email view accessible

Author: Very good, thanks
